I always loved music.
I got my first guitar when I was 15,
and since then, it's been my way of expressing myself.
When they asked,
Dave, do you want to join the band?
I didn't have to think twice.
Making music has all that really mattered to me.
I thought, being a musician would make me happy.
So that is the path I followed.
Only it is not what I thought it would be.
I worked here during the day to pay the bills.
I thought my life would turn out better,
but something was missing.
Instead of being happy,
I just felt lost.
Man, I'm distracted.
They are friendly and look happy.
He gave me a tract.
And said,
many people are searching for true happiness.
Maybe you are one of them.
This could help.
I quickly wrote down my address
and asked,
whether they would mind passing by after I finished my shift.
I was searching all right.
Actually,
the answers were in front of me all along.
How come I only get it now?
You see, I was baptized.
But I never gave the truth a chance.
Roy did come as promised.
I told him I'm a baptized brother.
He really listened to me.
Then he shared some hundred verse three.
Know that Jehovah is God.
He is the one who made us.
And we belong to Him.
We are His people.
And the sheep of His pasture.
In the Bible,
Jehovah is likened to a shepherd.
He knows every single one of His sheep.
And He knows when one goes missing.
A lost sheep is not a lost cause.
It still belongs to Him.
And Jehovah doesn't spare any efforts in searching for it.
Until He finds it.
I was like one of those lost sheep.
But I still belong to Jehovah.
And He has never forgotten about me.
Roy promised we would keep in touch.
And invited me to the Sunday meeting.
And I was nervous that morning.
I wanted to look my best.
Roy and Matthew were waiting for me.
Giving me a warm welcome.
Something I'll never forget.
How I miss this.
This is indeed Jehovah's congregation.
This is where I belong.
The truth has never been so clear to me.
How I enjoy the close company of my brothers and sisters.
What I enjoy most is helping others to find our loving father, Jehovah.
With Jehovah's help, I will never be lost again.